1 — File upload is broken app-wide (500 from the storage service)

Confirmed reproduction. Single root cause. Four broken features. This is the top item.

The failure
POST /api/storage/uploads/request-url
{"name":"signed-contract.pdf","size":15,"contentType":"application/pdf"}

→ 500 {"error":"Failed to generate upload URL"}
What the diagnosis narrows it to

The route's validation layer works — a 999,999,999-byte request returns a clean 400 File exceeds the 50 MB size limit. Everything that passes validation returns 500, and it is not input-dependent:

Request	Result
a.pdf, 15 bytes, application/pdf	500 Failed to generate upload URL
c.docx, 2 KB, Word MIME type	500 Failed to generate upload URL
d.csv, 100 bytes, text/csv	500 Failed to generate upload URL
f.pdf, 999999999 bytes	400 size limit ✅ (validation reached and correct)

Validation runs, then signed-URL generation fails unconditionally. That points at object storage rather than the request handler — most likely a missing bucket name or credentials in the environment, an uninitialised storage SDK client, or the storage integration never being provisioned in this deployment. Please surface the server-side exception behind that 500; the client is being told nothing useful.

Why it matters more than its size suggests

/api/storage/uploads/request-url is the only upload path in the bundle, so everything that takes a file is down:

Contract document upload — Documents tab → Upload PDF
Contract Document field on the create and edit forms
Revenue report attachment
Amendment document upload

Two map directly to named stakeholder requests: "Contract Document upload" in the Rights Dashboard Form, and "add in file attachment to upload reports" in the Notes — the one Obed was most explicit about.

Also fix while you are in here

The client shows the user the raw HTTP 500 Internal Server Error: Failed to generate upload URL in a red toast. A storage outage should read as something a person can act on — "Couldn't upload the file. Try again, or contact your administrator if this continues." — with the technical detail logged, not displayed.

Acceptance: a PDF attaches to a contract, an amendment and a revenue report; each persists (documentPath / documentName populated) and downloads again afterwards.

🔴 2 — Decide what the availability checker is for

Behavioural finding, not a missing field.

The Rights Checker says "Verify content availability before drafting a new license." It only reads Rights Out grants. Rights In contracts never appear in results and never affect the answer.

Reproduced: a title acquired from FreeCast through 2026-12-31 and licensed out through 2027-12-31. A check dated 2027-06-01 — after the acquisition lapsed — returns a clean green Rights Available, with no mention of the expired acquisition.

Licensing content past the date you acquired it is the classic rights failure, and the app carries a full Rights In direction. Two acceptable resolutions — please pick deliberately rather than leaving it implicit:

(a) Include Rights In in the check: surface acquisitions under Active Grants and warn when the requested date falls outside the acquisition window — "TBN's rights to this title end 31 Dec 2026."
(b) Narrow the promise: retitle the page and its copy to say it checks outbound conflicts only.

(a) is what the product implies. (b) is honest and cheap.

🟠 3 — The API does not validate enum values

Three separate symptoms, one underlying gap. Worth fixing as a single pass over the write endpoints rather than three tickets.

Endpoint	Bad input	Current behaviour	Should be
POST /api/content	type: "TV Series" (display label; enum wants TVSeries)	500 Internal Server Error	400 naming the accepted values — and ideally accept display labels as aliases
POST /api/contracts	territories: ["Atlantis"]	Accepted and stored. The record can then never match any rights check	400 — territories are a canonical enum now
POST /api/contracts	rightsOutDetails.exclusivity: "non-exclusive" (hyphen; enum wants non_exclusive)	Accepted and stored. The edit form then cannot prefill that field, marks it required, and blocks the save until the user re-picks it	400, or normalise on write

The third is the instructive one. The UI always writes the correct value, so this does not bite in normal use — but any integration, migration script, or the CSV importer writing a near-miss value creates a record the app's own edit form cannot round-trip. Given Rightsline data is arriving by import, that is worth closing before migration.

The territory case is the dangerous one: a stored territory outside the enum silently never matches, which produces a false Rights Available.

Also apply the same validation on read — GET /api/rights-check?territory=Atlantis returns 200 {"available":true} rather than 400. An unrecognised query term should be an error, not a green light.

🟠 4 — Financial visibility tier, and the missing role accounts

4a — Create the Legal and Finance accounts. Only admin@tbn.org and osandoval@tbn.tv (sales) exist. The /accept-invite flow makes this quick. Without them the permission model cannot be tested or demonstrated.

4b — Gate financial data. From the notes: "Make sure royalty info isn't available to all departments… tiers of visibility for financial." Restrict to admin and finance:

Surface	Non-privileged
/royalties (Revenue Reports)	Hidden from sidebar; route 403
Contract → Financials tab	Not rendered
Minimum Payment Threshold on Rights & Terms	Omitted
Reports Hub → Royalty Statements	Hidden
List and export payloads	royaltyType, royaltyDetails, paymentTerms, amounts stripped server-side

Enforce on the API, not by hiding UI. An export endpoint returning financial columns to a Sales token is the same leak whether or not a button is visible.

4c — Verify Finance cannot edit contracts. Obed was explicit. Check PUT /api/contracts/:id returns 403 for a finance token, not just that the button is hidden.

🟡 5 — Two small defects in the new revenue-reports code

5a — Currency formatting. 12500.50 renders as $12,500.5. Use a fixed 2-decimal currency formatter on the amount and cost columns.

5b — Status does not advance. A report created with a receivedDate and an amountReceived still saves as status: "expected". Either derive it (received date present → received) or default the selector to received when those fields are filled.

🟢 6 — Lower priority

6a — Suggest alternatives on conflict. When a check comes back blocked, run the same query across other territories and distribution types and list what is clear. The containment logic makes this cheap. Obed scoped it to exclusive deals only — "which does not happen often".

6b — Per-platform calendars. ❓ Clarify before building. The note asks for separate calendars for YouTube / TBN+ / L&D / Broadcast, colour-coded by platform and duration. Confirm whether they want filters on the existing calendar (an afternoon) or genuinely separate views (a feature). Recommend proposing a platform filter plus colour-by-platform and checking that satisfies the intent.