1 — File upload is broken app-wide (500 from the storage service)

Confirmed reproduction. Single root cause. Four broken features. This is the top item.

The failure
POST /api/storage/uploads/request-url
{"name":"signed-contract.pdf","size":15,"contentType":"application/pdf"}

→ 500 {"error":"Failed to generate upload URL"}
What the diagnosis narrows it to

The route's validation layer works — a 999,999,999-byte request returns a clean 400 File exceeds the 50 MB size limit. Everything that passes validation returns 500, and it is not input-dependent:

Request	Result
a.pdf, 15 bytes, application/pdf	500 Failed to generate upload URL
c.docx, 2 KB, Word MIME type	500 Failed to generate upload URL
d.csv, 100 bytes, text/csv	500 Failed to generate upload URL
f.pdf, 999999999 bytes	400 size limit ✅ (validation reached and correct)

Validation runs, then signed-URL generation fails unconditionally. That points at object storage rather than the request handler — most likely a missing bucket name or credentials in the environment, an uninitialised storage SDK client, or the storage integration never being provisioned in this deployment. Please surface the server-side exception behind that 500; the client is being told nothing useful.

Why it matters more than its size suggests

/api/storage/uploads/request-url is the only upload path in the bundle, so everything that takes a file is down:

Contract document upload — Documents tab → Upload PDF
Contract Document field on the create and edit forms
Revenue report attachment
Amendment document upload

Two map directly to named stakeholder requests: "Contract Document upload" in the Rights Dashboard Form, and "add in file attachment to upload reports" in the Notes — the one Obed was most explicit about.

Also fix while you are in here

The client shows the user the raw HTTP 500 Internal Server Error: Failed to generate upload URL in a red toast. A storage outage should read as something a person can act on — "Couldn't upload the file. Try again, or contact your administrator if this continues." — with the technical detail logged, not displayed.

Acceptance: a PDF attaches to a contract, an amendment and a revenue report; each persists (documentPath / documentName populated) and downloads again afterwards.

🔴 2 — Decide what the availability checker is for

Behavioural finding, not a missing field.

The Rights Checker says "Verify content availability before drafting a new license." It only reads Rights Out grants. Rights In contracts never appear in results and never affect the answer.

Reproduced: a title acquired from FreeCast through 2026-12-31 and licensed out through 2027-12-31. A check dated 2027-06-01 — after the acquisition lapsed — returns a clean green Rights Available, with no mention of the expired acquisition.

Licensing content past the date you acquired it is the classic rights failure, and the app carries a full Rights In direction. Two acceptable resolutions — please pick deliberately rather than leaving it implicit:

(a) Include Rights In in the check: surface acquisitions under Active Grants and warn when the requested date falls outside the acquisition window — "TBN's rights to this title end 31 Dec 2026."
(b) Narrow the promise: retitle the page and its copy to say it checks outbound conflicts only.

(a) is what the product implies. (b) is honest and cheap.

🟠 3 — The API does not validate enum values

Three separate symptoms, one underlying gap. Worth fixing as a single pass over the write endpoints rather than three tickets.

Endpoint	Bad input	Current behaviour	Should be
POST /api/content	type: "TV Series" (display label; enum wants TVSeries)	500 Internal Server Error	400 naming the accepted values — and ideally accept display labels as aliases
POST /api/contracts	territories: ["Atlantis"]	Accepted and stored. The record can then never match any rights check	400 — territories are a canonical enum now
POST /api/contracts	rightsOutDetails.exclusivity: "non-exclusive" (hyphen; enum wants non_exclusive)	Accepted and stored. The edit form then cannot prefill that field, marks it required, and blocks the save until the user re-picks it	400, or normalise on write

The third is the instructive one. The UI always writes the correct value, so this does not bite in normal use — but any integration, migration script, or the CSV importer writing a near-miss value creates a record the app's own edit form cannot round-trip. Given Rightsline data is arriving by import, that is worth closing before migration.

The territory case is the dangerous one: a stored territory outside the enum silently never matches, which produces a false Rights Available.

Also apply the same validation on read — GET /api/rights-check?territory=Atlantis returns 200 {"available":true} rather than 400. An unrecognised query term should be an error, not a green light.